FHIR-37120 (#551)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-3-Events.md

A Hub SHALL at least send the elements indicated in *FHIR operation to generate context*; a Subscriber SHALL gracefully handle receiving a full FHIR resource in the context of a notification. For example, when the [`ImagingStudy-open`](3-5-1-ImagingStudy-open.html) event occurs, the notification sent to a Subscriber includes an ImagingStudy FHIR resource, which contains at least the elements defined in the *_elements* query parameter, as indicated in the event's definition. For ImagingStudy, this is defined as: `ImagingStudy/{id}?_elements=identifier`. (The *_elements* query parameter is defined in the [FHIR specification](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/search.html#elements)).

> The key used for indicating a context change event's FHIR resource SHALL be the lower-case resourceType of the resource. The resources to include is defined in the corresponding event definition in the [standard event catalog](3_Events.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key used for indicating a context change event's FHIR resource SHALL be the lower-case resourceType of the resource as defined in the [resource type valueset](http://build.fhir.org/valueset-version-independent-resource-types.html). For example, the [patient-open](3-3-1-Patient-open.html) event uses the `patient` key to signal the new Patient in context. Note that due to legacy reasons, some events deviate from this pattern. The resources to include are defined in the corresponding event definition in the [event catalog](3_Events.html).

```

re-implement https://github.com/HL7/fhircast-docs/commit/3d78d56b7285173f8a890211fe15aff704e29e86
